0. Requirements Installation
    Run:
        pip install -r requirements.txt

1. Prediction App
    Purpose
        Predict employee attrition based on user-uploaded data.
        Provide detailed predictions and probability scores.        
        Log prediction events and metrics for monitoring.
    
    How to Use
        Launch the Prediction App        
            Run the app locally or deploy on a server: 
                streamlit run prediction_app.py
        
        Download Input Template        
            Click the Download Template button to get the Excel template (input_template.xlsx).        
            Fill in your employee data according to this template.
        
        Upload Employee Data        
            Upload a CSV or Excel file matching the template.        
            The app will display the uploaded data.
        
        Run Prediction        
            Click the Predict button.        
            The app preprocesses the data, runs the model, and displays results:        
                Prediction (Stay or Leave)        
                Probability of leaving
        
        Download the prediction results as CSV.        
            Logging            
            Every prediction action and performance metric is logged into app.log.            
            Logs are used by the monitoring app to track model performance and data drift.

2. Monitoring App
    Purpose
        Visualize prediction volumes, errors, and model performance metrics over time.        
        Track data drift and alert on significant drift events.        
        Provide downloadable logs for audit or further analysis.

    How to Use
        Launch the Monitoring App      
        Run the app locally or deploy on a server:
            streamlit run monitoring_app.py
  
    Dashboard Overview    
        The dashboard automatically reads the app.log file.    
        You can select a time range to analyze (Last 7, 14, 30 days, or All data).    
        Enable Auto Refresh to update the dashboard every 30 seconds.
    
    Key Metrics 
        View average F1-score, accuracy, ROC AUC.
        See total predictions and errors.
        Monitor average data drift status (Normal, Warning, Critical).
    
    Visualizations    
        Prediction Volume Over Time (line chart)
        Errors Over Time (bar chart)        
        Model Performance Metrics Over Time (F1, Accuracy, ROC AUC lines)
        Data Drift Over Time with warning and critical thresholds marked
    
    Drift Summary    
        Shows number of normal, warning, and critical drift days in:
        Last 7 days (default)
        Last 90 days        
        Alerts if warning + critical drift days exceed 25% of total days in last 90 days.
    
    Download Logs
        Download the current app.log file for offline review or auditing.

3. Notes:
    Make sure all the files are located in the same environment.
    Ensure app.log is present and updated by the Prediction App for accurate monitoring.
    Keep your model file (tuned_classifier.pkl) in the working directory or update the path accordingly.
    3Customize thresholds or metrics in the monitoring app as needed.
